1.1 Accounts Commission for Scotland
To use this expression or anything similar in your proposed name you must provide a letter or email of non-objection from:

info@audit-scotland.gov.uk

Accounts Commission for Scotland 
110 George Street 
Edinburgh 
EH2 4LH 
1.2 Accredit / Accreditation / Accredited / Accrediting
To use this word in your proposed name you must provide a letter or email of non-objection from:
Department for Business, Energy & Industrial Strategy 
Accreditation Policy 
1 Victoria Street 
London 
SW1H 0ET 
1.3 Adjudicator
The use of this word in a company or business name normally implies the organisation has a quasi-judicial role similar to decisions made by a court of law, an administrative tribunal, an official ombudsman or government officials. To support your application you must provide a letter or email of non-objection from a relevant body.

Use in a name that does not imply a connection with the Scottish Government
Applications under the criteria set out in 1-3 below should be sent directly to Companies House.

How we assess your sensitive name application
We will base our decision on whether there is a risk that the public may be misled or harmed by the use of a sensitive word or expression.

We will consider the activities the business intends to carry out. Sensitive words relating to financial services are generally associated with specific regulated activities or financial institutions. Using them tends to indicate that the business is subject to FCA or PRA rules and/or that there may be other regulatory safeguards in place, such as coverage by the Financial Services Compensation Scheme (link is external) or access to the Financial Ombudsman Service (link is external).

This means that using a financial services-related sensitive word in a business name will normally be reserved for currently authorised firms or those firms’ appointed representatives, as well as businesses that have no connection to financial services, as long as the proposed name is reasonable and appropriate.

The sensitive word used in a name should reflect the regulated activities that the business is authorised to carry out. For example, a business wishing to use the word ‘insurer’ in its name will usually be expected to hold permission for one or more relevant insurance-related regulated activities. If that business is an insurance intermediary, we expect it to add appropriate qualifiers to its name, such as ‘services’, ‘consultants’, ‘brokers’, or ‘solutions’. Where the sensitive name relates to a specific company type or business structure (for example, ‘friendly society’ or ‘credit union’), we will not usually grant consent unless the applicant can demonstrate that their business comprises that type or structure.
