1.1 Accounts Commission for Scotland
To use this expression or anything similar in your proposed name you must provide a letter or email of non-objection from:

info@audit-scotland.gov.uk

Accounts Commission for Scotland 
110 George Street 
Edinburgh 
EH2 4LH 
1.2 Accredit / Accreditation / Accredited / Accrediting
To use this word in your proposed name you must provide a letter or email of non-objection from:
Department for Business, Energy & Industrial Strategy 
Accreditation Policy 
1 Victoria Street 
London 
SW1H 0ET 
1.3 Adjudicator
The use of this word in a company or business name normally implies the organisation has a quasi-judicial role similar to decisions made by a court of law, an administrative tribunal, an official ombudsman or government officials. To support your application you must provide a letter or email of non-objection from a relevant body.

Use in a name that does not imply a connection with the Scottish Government
Applications under the criteria set out in 1-3 below should be sent directly to Companies House.

If you wish to use this word at the start of your proposed name you will need to demonstrate that the company is pre-eminent or very substantial in its sector. You should also provide the views or supporting evidence from an independent source, such as a trade association or other private or public body you work with. The situation of the company’s registered office must be in Scotland. This criteria does not apply to business names.
If this word is not the first word in your proposed name it will normally be allowed if the company’s registered office is in Scotland. This criteria does not apply to business names.
If this word is your surname it will normally be allowed if the proposed name includes forenames or initials. This requirement does not apply to business names.
Use in a name that could imply a connection with the Scottish Government
If your proposed name is likely to imply a connection with the Scottish Government you will need to provide a letter of non-objection from this body and include a copy when you send your application to Companies House. The situation of the company’s registered office must be in Scotland. In the case of a business name, the principal place of business must be in Scotland and you must confirm the address in your application letter.

You should only contact the Scottish Government if the name is likely to imply a connection with this body.